Replace academy links with ComHub LP links (#2386)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/framework/data-handling/add-data-translations.md

In order to create data translations you need an existing entity, as this guide is based on the [Adding custom complex data](add-custom-complex-data) guide, you should have a look at it first.

::: info

> Refer to this video on **[Translating your entity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfqxfQl3I4w)** that deals with data translations. Also available on our free online training ["Shopware 6 Backend Development"](hhttps://hub.shopware.com/learn/path/shopware-backend-development-essentials).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Academy learning content on custom entities and translations, see our free learning path **["Shopware 6 Backend Development Intermediate"](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/path/shopware-backend-development-intermediate)**.
```
